README.md, before:

## Receipt example

```
atb  
18.07.2023 18:23:33  
243.71  
-------------------  
молоко  
батон  
морозиво  
```

First 3 lines is required,  
all next, from line separetion, is optional.  


## Install

Run script `./install.bash` with `sudo` to see  
steps + create simlynk + shell completion(bash/zsh).    

- Add to yout shell config file:  
  "SPENDING_INSTALL=path_to_this_directory"
- Then add "export PATH=$PATH:$SPENDING_INSTALL"
- Save and reload config file.
- Now you have 'spending' application.


## Usage

See [usage](usage.md) 


## Additional functions
###### Run only from this project directory

`show_last_n_days.bash` - Show last added  
receipts n days ago  


## Statistics description(how to understand)

### Frequency table
Frequency means the number of times a value  
appears in the data. A table can quickly show us  
how many times each value appears.  

### Relative frequency table
Relative frequency means the number of times a  
value appears in the data compared to the total  
amount. A percentage is a relative frequency.  

### Cumulative frequency table
Cumulative frequency counts up to a particular  
value.

### Mean
The mean is usually referred to as 'the average'.  

### Median
The median is the middle value in a data set  
ordered from low to high.  

### Range
The range is the difference between the smallest  
and the largest value of the data.  
Range is the simplest measure of variation.

Commit message:

Add description how to save image of receipt
create and .gitkeep directory where images must be located

README.md, after:

## Receipt example

```
atb  
18.07.2023 18:23:33  
243.71  
=
молоко  
батон  
морозиво  
=
image=image_name_of_receipt_example_atb.26.09.2022.15.29.32.jpg
```

First 3 lines is required,  
all next, from line separetion, is optional.  

Image of receipt must be saved to 
`project_directory/receipts_images` directory. 
The best image name is: shop_name.date.time, 
like in example above.


## Install

Run script `./install.bash` with `sudo` to see  
steps + create simlynk + shell completion(bash/zsh).    

- Add to yout shell config file:  
  "SPENDING_INSTALL=path_to_this_directory"
- Then add "export PATH=$PATH:$SPENDING_INSTALL"
- Save and reload config file.
- Now you have 'spending' application.


## Usage

See [usage](usage.md) 


## Additional functions
###### Run only from this project directory

`show_last_n_days.bash` - Show last added  
receipts n days ago  


## Statistics description(how to understand)

### Frequency table
Frequency means the number of times a value  
appears in the data. A table can quickly show us  
how many times each value appears.  

### Relative frequency table
Relative frequency means the number of times a  
value appears in the data compared to the total  
amount. A percentage is a relative frequency.  

### Cumulative frequency table
Cumulative frequency counts up to a particular  
value.

### Mean
The mean is usually referred to as 'the average'.  

### Median
The median is the middle value in a data set  
ordered from low to high.  

### Range
The range is the difference between the smallest  
and the largest value of the data.  
Range is the simplest measure of variation.
